1. Neurology
"I've been having a really bad headache for the last two days.
It's mostly on one side of my head and gets worse with light.
I also feel dizzy when I stand up quickly.
Sometimes I feel a bit nauseous along with it."

2. Cardiology
"I've been feeling a tight pain in my chest since this morning.
It gets worse when I climb stairs or walk fast.
I also feel a bit short of breath even while sitting.
My heartbeat feels irregular sometimes."

3. General Medicine
"I have had a fever for the past three days, around 101°F.
Along with that I have a dry cough and sore throat.
I feel weak and tired most of the day.
My body also aches a little."

4. Dermatology
"I noticed a red, itchy rash on my arms and neck two days ago.
It's spreading slowly and gets worse at night.
The skin feels rough and slightly swollen in some spots.
I haven't changed any soap or lotion recently."

5. Dentistry
"I have a sharp pain in my lower right tooth for the past few days.
It hurts more when I eat something cold or sweet.
My gum near that tooth looks a bit swollen and red.
I also feel slight pain when I press on my jaw."

6. Orthopedics
"My left knee has been painful and swollen for about a week.
It hurts more when I walk or climb stairs.
There's some stiffness in the morning that takes time to go away.
I didn't have any injury, it just started gradually."

7. Pediatrics
"My 5-year-old daughter has had a fever since yesterday evening.
She isn't eating properly and seems more tired than usual.
She's also been coughing a little at night.
She complained once that her throat hurts."

8. Ophthalmology
"My eyes have been red and itchy for the past two days.
My vision feels slightly blurry, especially in the evening.
There's also some mild pain when I look at bright light.
I feel like something is stuck in my eye sometimes."

9. Psychiatry
"I've been feeling very anxious and restless for the past few weeks.
I'm having trouble sleeping and keep waking up at night.
My mind feels constantly worried even about small things.
I've also lost interest in things I usually enjoy."

10. Emergency-flag demo
"I suddenly have severe chest pain that won't go away.
I'm finding it hard to breathe properly right now.
There's a tingling sensation going down my left arm.
I feel dizzy and like I might faint."
